//------------------------------//
// Feather Steel// by Cold Spike//------------------------------//

		//------------------------------//
		// Prologue		//------------------------------//

        “Clink Clank, Clink Clank.”

        It was an odd noise.

        “Clink Clank, Clink Clank.”

        A mechanical noise.

        Off in the hills, unheard by any in the small town nearby, a pony was tinkering with tiny gears and pieces of metal.  He was a small pony, but not too small; he was just young, a colt with time left to grow. His coat was dark and blue, and his mane a deep brick-red.  He was alone, save for the machine he worked on, and he gave it his utmost attention.   He mumbled every so often, and his quiet, unintelligible muttering joined the sounds of clinking metal parts.



        “Clink Clank, Clink-”

        No Clank?  No sound at all.

        “No, no, no.”  The pony working on the device peered into its inner workings, seeking out the source of the problem.  He picked up one copper-colored piece after another until he found what he was looking for.  He held up a shiny little piece, nearly symmetrical save for one tiny notch at one end.  “Thought you could get away with being put in backwards, did ya?”  Nopony but him would be able to tell it from the myriad of other parts he was working with, but they didn’t have to.  He worked on this machine alone, and he was fine with that.  He put the tiny metal piece back where it belonged.  Then he started on the rest.

        Like a puzzle being built from an image that only this young pony knew, gears and parts were put back in place.  Slowly, the pile of parts sitting at the pony’s side shrank, and the device he was working on began to look whole.

        With one last click, the last piece snapped into place.  The young pony examined his work, running his eyes over every surface and visible bit of machinery.  After double and triple checking the device, he gave it a good shake, making sure no parts would come loose.  A smile formed on his face when all the tiny parts stayed in place.

        He ran his hooves over the semi-circular device.  The coppery metal was polished to a shine, and he took great care to keep it that way.  It was a thick, heavy device, but he kept it with him wherever he went.  Canvas straps jutted out from the sides of the device, waiting to fit around anypony willing to secure the device to their back.

	The young pony opened a door on top of the copper disk, revealing the tiny gears and complex machinery within.  In the middle of the intricate clockwork, at the very heart of the device, was one long ruby colored cylinder.  It was hollow, forming a tube that ran from the base of the disk to the top.  The young pony checked every gear one more time.  Then he made sure the ruby tubing was intact and connected properly.
	
	He used a hoof to give the biggest gear a quick turn.  He pumped his other hoof in the air when the smaller gears turned in a perfectly synchronized display.  The machine passed all of the colt’s tests, now there was only one thing left to do; turn it on.

	He closed the door slowly, snapping it into place with a loud click.  Then he gently extended a series of golden metal pieces that were tucked into a slot at the center of the device.  Fully extended, the pieces looked like feathers.  They were attached to a short metal armature that could be rotated outward. This formed a perfect wing that could mimic all motions of a natural one.  Some would see it as an ungainly monstrosity; it was heavy, had to be strapped on, and lacked a wing for the right side; but to the colt who held it, it was a piece of art.
	
	He said a silent prayer as he prepared to turn it on.  He wanted it to work.  He needed it to work.  The idea of finishing the device wasn’t an obsession.  No, it had surpassed that stage long ago.  Fixing this machine was his life.  He spent all of his time, his energy, on this device.  Everything he had to give, it took.  But it would be worth it.  He knew it would.  This device would fix everything.

	One last gulp, one final moment of nervous indecision was all the colt allowed himself before activating the device.

	Slowly, the machine began to hum.  It started off as a low droning sound, but climbed in pitch as the ruby cylinder inside the device began to glow.  He set the device down on the grass in front of him as the gears within started to turn.  The colt could only stare as the machine grew louder.  There was a loud click as something inside the machine engaged.  Then, the golden wing extending from the device started to move.  It was flapping!  Just like a real wing!

	He had done it!  He had been waiting for this moment forever.  At this moment,  all of his hopes and dreams lay within his grasp.  That wing, that beautiful golden wing was working at full capacity.  “Yes!”  He jumped up and down, cheering for the mechanical limb.  “Yes!”

        “SNAP!!”

        The colt’s eyes went wide.  Something wasn’t right.  The gears, once quiet and smooth, were now grinding and buzzing.  Every few cycles, there was a loud pop, almost like the snapping of a twig.  He lunged forward, braving the swinging metal of the false wing in an effort to deactivate the device before it damaged itself any further.  As he struggled to get the door open, the sounds coming from the device shifted.  Buzzing turned to scratching and his precious metal wing began to slow down.  The door flung open, spewing several gears at the horrified colt. He stared as the wing stopped entirely, and the ruby’s glow flickered and died.

	He didn’t move for several moments after that.  He didn’t even notice that one of the gears had hit him in the face, scratching his forehead.  “You…” His words trailed off; there were none he could say that would fix this.  It had been two weeks since his last failure, two long, agonizing weeks.  He had gone over the plans, made changes, and scrounged up the needed material, but it still didn’t work.  He stood up and stomped around.  He felt useless.  Every time he found a way to fix the device, it broke again.  Why couldn’t the thing just work?!

	“Gah!”  In his frustration, he gave the machine a swift kick, sending several loose pieces flying off into the grass.  “No!”  The colt dove after them.  Tears welled in his eyes as he frantically scrambled to collect the small parts.  “Why can’t I fix you?”  He sat in the grass,  cradling the pieces he recovered like a mother would cradle her young.  “I- I just want to-”  He looked at the bent and broken metal in his hooves.  The delicate gears that once held his hopes were now twisted beyond any hope of salvage.  They were unusable, utterly destroyed.

        He stood up, letting the broken gears fall to the ground.  He took a few deep breaths as he blinked away his tears.  Another failure.  Another waste of time.  He took a few minutes to scour the area for parts, finding a pitifully small number that were still usable.  He placed the undamaged parts in a small pouch before putting the pouch and perpetually broken device into his saddlebags.

        He walked away.  He didn’t know where he was heading, he just knew that he didn’t want to stay there.

	After a short walk, he came across a stream.  He set his saddlebags on a patch of open grass and walked over to the stream.  “I had it,” he thought as he plunged his head into the cool water, “I know I had it!”  He lifted his head from the stream with a gasp.  “I double checked everything.”  He walked over and laid down near his saddlebags.  He rested his head in his hooves.  “Every little piece was where it belonged, just like dad left it.  So why won’t it work?”  

	He rolled over onto his back and looked up at the sky.  “I need to find a town.”  He didn’t want to, but he had no choice.  As much as he preferred to be alone, he needed parts.  His stomach let out a growl.  He also needed food.

	But he was just a colt. If he were to start wandering around town, ponies would start asking questions.  In the cities, it was easy to avoid attention because nopony cared; but here, he was far away from any city.  He only knew of one town in this area, a small farming community.  It was nearby too, easily less than a day’s travel.

        “It’ll be the sort of place where ponies care about each other.”  A young colt wandering around would draw the wrong type of attention.  He didn’t want to be dodging questions about why he wasn’t in school or where his parents were. He rolled over onto his side.  Those questions left him on edge.  He was always afraid that someday, somepony would see through the lies and set the police after him.  To avoid this, he hid.  He was good at it too. He could hide anywhere.  If he had to hide in an alley or a dumpster, he would.  He could even hide in plain sight if he needed to, after all, nopony paid attention to colt standing with a bunch of others in a school lunch-line.  But in a small town, everypony knows everypony else.  He would stick out like a sore hoof no matter what he did.

	His stomach let out another growl.  He would have to find food soon, but he couldn’t rush.  First, he had to get a good look at the place, make sure it would be safe.  That meant he had to wait until nightfall.  His stomach let out another growl.  He pulled his saddlebag towards him, clutching it to his chest and curling himself around it.  He would just have to put up with the hunger.



		//------------------------------//
		// Chapter One		//------------------------------//

	The colt lay spread out on his back in an open field.  He stared at the open sky and sighed softly.  It was a beautiful day, late spring, just heading into summer.  Anypony else would  have fallen asleep, taken a nice afternoon nap, but not him.  He slowly reached a hoof towards the sky. “What is it like?”  He closed one eye and lined up his hoof over one of the clouds in the sky.  He folded his hoof around, almost as if was taking hold of the cloud.  “Being able to sleep without having to worry about what you see when you close your eyes.”  He rolled onto his side.  Looking at the sky was painful for him; until he fixed his device, it was just a reminder of the fact that he was incomplete.  Even if he could sleep, it would only waste time.

	He rolled over to his right side in order to get more comfortable.  He knew that he looked silly just sprawled out on some grass near a stream, doing absolutely nothing, but he didn't care.  In a swift motion he brought up his right fore hoof and slammed it down into the grass, hoping to vent his frustrations.  “I need to fix this thing! I’ve tried everything, but I know it can’t be hopeless...maybe if I re-check those notes.”  His stomach let out a small growl all of a sudden.  “After I find food that is.”  He sighed, but even at rest he let his mind wander, thoughts kept circling around, his brain wouldn’t let him give in or give up on his one obsession.

	He stared down the road, unwilling to put in the effort to resume his journey towards town.  According to the map he borrowed, the town was named Ponyville.  “What kind of name is Ponyville?  Of course it’s going to be full of ponies!”  As he stared lazily towards the horizon, a small figure started to take shape off in the distance.  “Is that-?”  He squinted at the approaching form, trying to get a better look at it.  “Oh, great, it is.  Two days without seeing another pony, and I run into one the moment I try to take a rest.”  He let out a sigh as the figure came into focus.  It was a lone filly with a coat and mane of wildly contrasting shades of orange and purple.  Feather winced as he closed his eyes.  “Maybe she won’t bother me if I ignore her.”
	
        He kept his eyes shut as long as he could, but a buzzing sound made him peek out at the approaching pony.  Her wings were buzzing like a hummingbird’s, but she wasn’t flying.  As she got closer, he realized that she wasn’t walking either.  She was riding along on a little scooter, using her wings to propel her forward.  “What a waste of a perfectly good pair of wings.”  He let out a sigh as the filly noticed him and sped up, waving as she approached.  He grunted and waited for the inevitable, for her to come and say what he knew she wanted to say, that dreaded word, hello.  “Great, just great.”

        She stopped just in front of his face, she looked down into his eyes just as he looked up into hers.  For at least thirty seconds neither party felt like speaking.  It was the longest thirty seconds of his young life, but for her it was just awkward. She was busy studying him all over, but to her disappointment he wouldn't move.  “is she staring at me? Why isn't she with her parents?  Oh, no!  What if she is?!  What if they’re following right behind her? I’ll be found!”  This was far too out of the way for most fillies and colts to be on their own, not that he was any different, but here she is by herself.

	“Watch’a doin’?” The first word out of her mouth was not ‘hello’. This amused him slightly, but it’s not like it mattered anyway.

	He glanced around.  He was nervous, and more than a little angry.  “Your parents are gonna find me if you don’t leave!”

	“Not a talker, huh?” 
	
	 He narrowed his eyes and tried his best to give her a menacing look, but it only succeeded in making her giggle. She stared into his copper colored eyes while he glared back at hers.  All he did was grunt.

	“I talk just fine!  NOW LEAVE!” 

	“Kind of funny running into another pony out here, it’s usually pretty empty.  I use this field to practice my tricks, wanna see?”  She stared at him with wide, hopeful eyes, apparently excited about having an audience.  She was making it difficult for him to say that he did mind, not that he felt like talking. 
	
	 “Not really, but do what you gotta do.”  The colt sighed.

        She tilted her head to the side, trying to see if anything was wrong with him.  He looked healthy enough, but seemed pretty rough around the edges. He was pretty dirty, too. You couldn’t tell from a distance, but it was clear from close up.  The fedora-like hat nestled firmly between his ears was quite worn, but still in one piece.  She also took note of his wings, or the one wing she could see; it was huge for his body size.  She looked over at her wings to try and compare the two but then she heard a noise, a sort of rumbling.  That sound was universal to every living creature, someone was hungry.

        “Hungry?”

        “Great deduction skills.”  He sighed. She wasn’t that annoying, but why she was still around was beyond his problem solving or social skills.  She turned around, revealing a saddlebag that the colt hadn’t noticed.  She started rummaging through it, sticking her tongue out in concentration.  “Now what are you doing?”  

	After a little bit of digging, she stopped digging and glanced back at the colt.  She looked back at her saddlebag with a sigh before removing a pair of apples.  “Well, you seem pretty hungry, so here.” She dropped one of her apples down on the grass with a quiet thump.  She looked away for a moment, towards the now setting sun.  “Oh, shoot!  I gotta go!”   

	She turned her scooter around and headed back the way she came, but he didn’t notice her leave.  He was too busy looking at the apple sitting in front of him.  Its bright red skin shone in the setting sunlight and stood out against the green grass it was sitting in.  Seeing it also reminded him how hungry he was, and his stomach let out a loud growl to attest to that.  “Thank-”  He lifted his head, but the filly was gone.  “-you.”

	He looked back at the apple and poked it with hoof.  “Why would she do that?”  His stomach growled again, this time accompanied by a none-too-subtle squeezing pain in his gut.  “It has been a while since I last ate.”   He spared one last look at the horizon to see if the filly would return, but there was no sign of her.  She was gone, just as quickly as she had arrived.

	He stood up and took a step towards the apple.  Then he gave it a tentative sniff.  “It smells good.”  He let out a loud sigh and swallowed his pride.  Then he ate the the apple, barely taking the time to chew it before swallowing it in one gulp.  “It was good.  Really good.”

	He looked up.  The sun was setting, it was time to leave, time to survey his new, if temporary, home.  The first thing he would always do when entering alien territory was survey everything from a distance.  He gathered up his saddlebag and made sure his device was tucked away so it couldn’t be noticed.  He then started towards the town, following the path that the filly had taken.  It took him a good twenty minutes to reach the edge of the settlement, raising the question as to just how fast that filly was.  As the sun was setting, he noticed ponies leaving for their homes.  That’s good, it meant his entry into the town would go mostly unnoticed against the crowds.  That’s the great thing about small towns, few ponies stay out at night. 

        The first thing he came across was a large farm.  If his map was accurate, this was Sweet Apple Acres, the town’s main feature.  It was huge.  Apple trees in every direction, they looked so inviting but he kept his distance. They weren’t wild, but there were far too many keep guards.  He let out a sigh.  He tried to avoid stealing, even if it was to feed himself, but that didn't change the fact that the act of theft was far more familiar to him than it had any business being.

        Looking around, he found plenty of buildings just for this farm alone.  A barn, it almost made him laugh, to him it just looked so out of place for a farm so large.  If anything, there should be more than just one but it might prove useful if he needed a place to spend the night.  “That barn is pretty close to the house, should I risk it?”  The house was big, with plenty of lights still on, it unnerved him.  He quickly decided what he saw was enough and he should walk into town.

        He followed the path into town. The sun had just set and the moon was now rising.  Looking around, he noticed this town was bigger than he originally gave it credit for.  There were no ponies to be found, they must have turned in for the night.  Around town, only a few houses still had lights on, the rest were dark.  “You’ve gotta appreciate a town that sticks to its bedtime.”  It made him feel calm, knowing that there was nopony wandering about, other than himself.  He could survey the town on his own time.

	He looked ahead and decided to pick a building at random.  In front of him he spotted a building that looks like a tree. “Tree-building?”  He read the sign for the library and just shrugged it off, everything in the town he was in was certainly more for the novelty of things.  He figured this was a good enough start and slowly walked up to the front door of the library, frowning.  Lights all over the place, it was like a trap, and whoever was inside clearly wasn’t asleep.  It would probably be best to avoid this place for now.

        His curiosity got the better of him, however, and he went around to the side of the building to find a window and peeked inside.  Looking in he saw books, hundreds upon hundreds of books.  No surprise there.  A faint candle was lit, and the light was beaming from the second story window.  Looking up, he saw a glimpse of a lavender colored unicorn.  He couldn't see anything beyond that without drawing any attention, so he moved on. Looking around, he spotted a place called Sugarcube Corner.  “A bakery?”  He walked up to the front door and noticed two windows on either side, each laced with samples of confections and baked goods.  “Those look good, but it’s too risky to just up and buy anything tonight; plus it looks closed.”  He sighed and moved onto the next closest building.

        Close to the bakery he found a building with a sign out front dubbing the place Carousel Boutique.  He normally did not mind anything looking too girly, but the entire structure screamed it.  It was an elegantly styled building, but it was so overdone that it put the bakery to shame.  He stole a glance inside and noticed the lights were off but dresses were sprawled out everywhere.  It definitely seemed like a mess, but he shrugged it off.  Seeing nothing of use, he sat down and began to ponder on his findings.

        Shops, shops as far as his eye could see.  He hated shops.  “At least a bakery and a library are useful.”  He looked over at one shop named, Quills and Sofas.  “That has got to be the most worthless shop I have ever come across!”  He looked over to another store that sold mechanical parts and hobby items.  “Well, that could be useful, I guess.  But I would still need to deal with some adults.”  He grunted and moved on to the next one. This one sold party favors.  “Pointless, I can’t even find a grocery!”  But it wasn’t just what the stores were selling that put him on edge.

        The very idea of a store would often force him to mess with his old foe, thievery.  He had stolen things before, a lot of things.  Every single item that was wrongfully taken would beat him down with more and more guilt.  Every item he stole became easier to justify than the last.  He was getting used to it over time, and that bothered him.  Each pilfered trinket forced him to come to terms with the fact that he was a thief.  He chose to leave the market district and hurry up and find the housing one.

	He decided that the town he was in was at least slightly useful.  The farm might have a use if he could find a way of sneaking into the barn unnoticed.  The library would prove a good spot to continue research on his never-ending quest to finish his device.  The bakery might be good for a sample, as small towns often give them out. It wasn’t usually considered healthy food, but it was close enough, he decided.  So far he concluded that this town was useful, but he would need to leave soon if he didn’t find some easy source of food.

	He rounded a corner and stopped in his tracks as a door swung open on a nearby house.  Without thinking, he darted into a nearby bush, hiding with ease due to his small size.  Peeking out, he saw three ponies exiting the house.  The first pony he saw was a tiny unicorn filly. The darkness made it difficult to discern any details, but she couldn’t be any older than he was.  Her parents were both unicorns, again their details went unnoticed, but he could tell they were a family.  He watched them as they chatted amongst themselves.  “They seem happy.”  One of the adults looked in the direction of his hiding place and he ducked down.

        “Did they spot me or something?”  He took another peek, and he sighed in relief to see that they were no longer looking his way.  He still could not see much, but he did notice the largest one, the father he presumed, was walking into their yard to take care of a few issues.  He remembered being younger and wanting to accompany his father all over the place, even the weirdest of places and concluded that was probably what was going on.  When the father returned, the filly surprised him by jumping up and giving him a long hug, nuzzling into his neck as she held onto it for support.  The father returned it while the mother giggled.

        “Must feel nice.”  His mind raced as he watched the spectacle before him.  Time seemed to slow but only for a moment.  “They seem like a happy family.”   Some light tears started to form in his eyes as he watched the two parents gently play with their daughter. No one seemed to mind that they were doing so in the doorway to their home.

        He continued to stare, off in his own little world.  He seemed to no longer care if he was caught or not, regardless of the consequences.  “You have no idea how lucky you are, filly.”  He found himself angry at the filly, angry at just how easy her life seemed to him.  “If I could just switch places, it would be simpler...”  He shuddered at the thought, and tried to push it out of his head.  He couldn’t let himself get caught up in what could be, but he was never able to do a good job of that.

        After what seemed like eons, the door slammed shut, leaving him alone with silence.  He slowly walked out of the bush, looked around, and silently went off to explore the other houses.  All of them looked to be quite average, and very out of place for the town.  No novelty, no difference from one house to the next.  Some had lights on while others were dark as the night, he was only vaguely aware of what he was searching for from the homes, his mind a tangled mess of emotions from that one family.  “FOCUS! I need to fin-”

        He stopped thinking as his eyes drifted to the one house that was different from the rest, a mansion.  When his eyes locked onto the door, his brain kicked into overdrive.  “So much...”  He shook his head to clear his mind, he had to focus on his potential goal and not his desired one.  “Focus, don’t get greedy.  It doesn't matter if they are rich, only steal when necessary.”  He closed his eyes as he thought this, desperately trying to keep to a personal code of his.  But it still didn't stop him from snooping. 

        The mansion was three stories tall, it wasn’t the tallest building, but it spread out to cover an impressive amount of land. It was truly awe inspiring, and for the second time that night, the child was wishing for a different life.  He walked past an open gate and into the courtyard, carefully scanning around to make sure nopony was watching.  He looked up to the top most window and saw a light flicker, similar to the library, and he knew exactly what this meant.  “Another late night reader, could complicate things.”

        He took one last look to make sure he would go unnoticed, and then rounded the corner of the house.  Windows were always his ally in these endeavors, and he stole a glance into each and every one.  Whoever owned this place was clearly loaded in his opinion, but he wasn’t looking at trinkets or treasures. No, he was looking for...  “The Pantry!”  He stared at it, trying to decide what was the best course of action to take.  “I’m sure I can last until tomorrow.”  But he couldn't turn away, he just kept staring at it.  “Maybe a little won’t hurt, just a little.”  His final statement was said a bit more quickly than he would have liked, and he winced as the words left his mouth, but his mind was made up.

        He quickly checked all the windows and found, to his disappointment, that none of them opened out, or would open at all.  “That just leaves doors, if I can find any.”  He looked back at the pantry and craned his neck to try and get a better view inside.  No doors that would lead outside, that just left...  “The front door.”  He grunted and sighed.  Walking up to the front door, he couldn’t help but stop himself, much to the annoyance of his stomach.  “I mean, its not like they’re gonna miss a little food, and just look at this place!”  He was still staring at the door, his breathing growing heavier, the promise of potential food fighting over his guilt.

        He inspected the lock, trying to find the best way to pick it, not even bothering to take out his tools.  Looking down at this saddle bag he sighed.  “I need food, just...”  He gritted his teeth and let out one big yawn. “Am I that tired? Did some pony hear me?!” He frantically looked around and then sighed in relief, then he decided to gently try and open the door. “Have they never heard of a lock before?!  Seriously, this is too easy.”  He then felt his blood run cold  when he realized that he was enjoying his thieving job, but he shook those thoughts aside.  He gently closed the door and took a look at his new surroundings. It was dark, but not enough that he couldn't navigate.

        A nagging feeling kept tugging at the back of his mind the deeper he got into the mansion.  “You're trespassing, you're trespassing, you're trespassing!”  The front room alone was amazingly large, making a huge creaking sound when he both opened and shut i, not that he expected anything less from the elegant doorway he was forced to use.  “Almost woke everypony up with that huge door!  Why does everything have to be so big?!”  Looking around he spotted a table with an empty bowl laying on it, again even the simple table had a fancy design.  “Snobs with too much money.”  Somehow, though, insulting the ponies he intended to steal from made him feel lower than dirt.

        He carefully walked past the table and into a hallway, using the windows that he was staring through before as a guide.  The hallway leading to the kitchen seemed to last forever.  “Stop thinking about it!  Its not that long, you're just acting paranoid!”  He shook his head as sweat began to slowly make its way down from his forehead, soaking into his hat.  After what was only a minute, but seemed much longer, he found his way into the kitchen. He tensed up, looking around carefully. “Okay, undetected so far, but do I really want to do this?!”  Somewhere deep down he felt like he was committing a crime; which, although technically true, he had always had more than enough reason to justify stealing.  “So why do I feel this way?!”  He gritted his teeth and moved towards the pantry, but froze when he heard the sound of hoofsteps. His ear twitched as he strained to listen. “Oh, no! Did I wake somepony?! They’re coming this way!”

        In a panic, he looked all over for anything to hide behind or in.  His eyes landed onto a cabinet and he ran over to it. He was surprised to find that it was empty and would fit him easily. He climbed in and shut the door, praying that whoever it was would not use that door.  He peeked out for just a moment and saw a pink colored filly. Through the darkness, he noticed she seemed to have a permanent scowl on her face, but he had to admit she looked okay for a filly.  The hoofsteps stopped near the cupboard and his heart sank, his breathing stopped completely.  “There is nothing in here!  The pantry is over there, oh please remember that this cupboard is empty!”  She slowly walked away and he heard the telltale sign of a pony rummaging through a pantry filled to the brim with food.  He let out a very quiet sigh and began to breathe again.  After the equivalent of five hours to his young mind, the filly left, leaving blissful silence.

        He waited another five minutes just to be sure and left the safety of the cabinet.  He took one long look at the hallway to make sure nopony else would want a midnight snack and sighed.  The pantry was huge.  Inside, every single snack he had ever heard of, eaten or seen before was there, including a few that he had never heard of.  “Only what you need.”  He looked around and found a few basic snacks, some cracker boxes and a few apples that were stored.

        Each time he went to pick up an item he would wince, and the uneasy feeling that was hiding in the pit of his stomach would grow.  “Its just some stupid food!  They won't miss it!”  Deciding to get it over with, he grabbed everything he might need, including some cereal that seemed appealing, and shoved it all into his saddlebag.  Each step he took back to the front door was that of anger, but he did his best to remain quiet.  Just before he left, he turned his neck and noticed a family portrait hanging up on a nearby wall.  He knew it was just a painting, but he didn't feel like looking into their eyes.  Even though the three ponies were smiling, he couldn’t help but feel like they were watching him, judging him, criticizing him; and he couldn’t bring himself to meet their eyes.  “I’m sorry.”  The bitterness that this filly had so much and even a family was being entirely overshadowed by his guilt.  He left the building in a hurry, hoping to find a place to stay that was at least warm.

        “I guess for now that barn will work. After all I’ve already committed two crimes tonight. Might as well make it three.”


		//------------------------------//
		// Chapter Two		//------------------------------//

	“For backwater farmers, these ponies sure use high quality locks.”  The young colt tried again and again to pick the lock, but nothing would work.  He looked up at the windows, they were too far up to reach on his own.  “If I could just fly.”  The colt looked around to try and find anything to step up on to reach the windows, but they were at least two stories up.  In a last ditch effort, he tried the door one last time, but it still wouldn’t budge.
	
	“Okay Plan B, This farm’s huge, there’s gotta be a shack around here, or something.”   He took a quick glance at the main house and noticed they had all finally gone to bed.  “At least you ponies have beds.”  Looking around, he found a path leading straight into the orchard.  He took one last glance back at their home and started following the trail out into the orchard.  “Trees, trees everywhere. Gotta be a building somewhere.”  The path eventually ended at the edge of some trees and bushes, and he noticed that only half of those trees were growing apples.  He looked back to make sure that he hadn’t missed something, then he looked past the bushes and found another trail, that looked older and more worn.
	
	After several minutes of traveling, he came across another set of apple trees.  “There has- AH HA!”  Finally his journey had come to an end. He ran up to what he thought was a shack, when he neared it he knew something was wrong.  “Is that a tree house?”



	He looked up and sure enough, the pastel-colored building was resting on top of a very large apple tree.  He looked around to makes sure nopony was around and then ascended the ladder that led to its door.  “Correction, its a clubhouse.”  There was something carved just above the door.   “Cutie Mark Crusader HQ?”  He looked down at his flank with a sigh, he didn’t have a cutie mark of his own.  What bothered him more was he didn’t even have the drive to try and find one. His one and only motivation in life was to fix his device and you can’t get a cutie mark in that.  “Unless you can get one in building machines and fixing them?”  

	Shaking off his annoyance, he opened the door and took a quick glance around.  Judging by the pink curtains, he concluded it was probably a club for fillies.  “I guess I can’t be picky,”  He sat down and took off his saddlebag, then took out his device and gently laid it down.  “This will be fine for tonight, I can start fixing up this thing.”  He took out several tools and a book filled to the brim with notes.  The book was more like a journal with the pages shoved inside.  Some of the pages stuck out, while others were neatly stacked.  Wasting no time, he began to examine the damage.
	
	The child took out several very worn pages.  He knew them by heart; but just to be sure, he always had them ready.  Glancing back and forth, he would look inside the device past the glass door and back to his notes.  “Okay, I’m missing one ring gear, three spur gears, some screws went missing and.... Ugh!  The carrier shaft bent!”  He sighed again and began to think.  “I probably have enough bits to buy these, but then I have to go into that hardware shop.”  He stomped one of his hoofs on the floorboard in frustration.  He noticed that his hoof left a smudge of dirt where he stomped it.  Then he looked down at himself and noticed his body was looking less than clean.  “I guess I need to go find a lake to clean up in.  Adults want children looking presentable, after all.”  He checked his map and sure enough there was a lake near the orchard.  He made a mental note to take a quick bath before re-entering the town in the morning and packed away his stuff before settling in for the night.
	
	He spent the night in the clubhouse.  It was cold, but that was something that he had gotten used to a long time ago.  He started his journey towards Ponyville early in the morning, he was careful to make sure that no one noticed him leaving.  He didn't know much about farmers, but he was sure that waking up early was a common trait among them.  He left for the outskirts of the farm. He assumed the ponies on the farm would wake up at this time, so he ran for the lake.  Inspecting his left side, he found it to be the dirtiest, and his wing felt itchy and uncomfortable.  He put aside his saddle bag and jumped into the lake without hesitation. The colt did his best to clean off any and all dirt.  He then spent a few minutes straightening out the feathers on his wing.  He needed it to be in good condition when he finished his device, after all.
	
	Then he waded onto the shore and flopped down in the sun and took at least an hour to dry off.  He wanted nothing more than to simply wait on the shore, but he had to start into town and pick up some parts.  He took a few deep breaths and then slowly walked into town.  He knew that he was already going to look a tad odd, being alone in the morning.  “Oh, wait!” He stopped walking when suddenly he remembered something quite important. “ Is today a school day?”  He quickly tried to remember the last time he saw a calendar.  “That shop, three days ago, I think it was Wednesday.  Or was it Thursday?  Either way, it’s the weekend.”  He breathed a heavy sigh of relief that he did not walk into a school trap; an adult would spot a child out of school from a mile away. As he passed the orchard and neared the edge of town, he noticed some kids out playing, but the adults definitely outnumbered them.
	
	“Okay, where is that hardware shop?”  He spotted the library, it was not exactly the most crowded looking place. “Some things never change, no one likes to read.”  He followed the path to the bakery, it seemed far more crowded than he would have liked.  He noticed some of the town’s residents were giving him odd glances. Purely out of instinct, he ducked his head to try and avoid suspicion.  “Snap out of it!  They can stare all they want, you’re just a normal colt, nothing to hide.”  He tried his best to shake off his nervousness and act normal, but his eyes kept darting from left to right.  After several uncomfortable minutes, he found the store he was looking for.
	
	He gently opened the door, causing a bell to ring.  He narrowed his eyes and glared up at it.  “Of course.” He was surprised to find nopony walking up to attend to his needs.  He saw a pink pony, but she was too busy searching through a bin of supplies to notice him.  “I don’t think she runs the shop, she looks a little too poofy to run a mechanical parts store.  Where is the owner?”  He shrugged and then carefully walked past the brightly colored pony, hoping to just get his things and leave.  However, just as he neared the corner of an aisle, he heard something odd.
	
	“Twitchy, twitch.”  He looked back out of instinct when he heard the voice, and saw that pink pony had stopped rummaging through the parts bin.  She was also staring straight at him.
	
	“Why is she looking at me like that?”
	
	“Its you!”  The colt gulped loudly as the candy-colored adult took a step towards him.
	
	“No it’s not!  What do you mean it’s me?!  Oh sweet Celestia, what did I do wrong? Is she going to turn me in?!  Does she know?  And why is she smiling so much?!”  He took another step back, then another, but soon bumped into a wall.  Without thinking, he looked back at it, realizing that any hope of escape was pointless.  He looked back to where the pink mare had been standing and blinked in confusion.  There was no sign of her.  “Whew!”  Relief poured over him like an adrenaline rush.  “I haven’t had a close call like that since...  Oh, last night.  Still, I guess she had me mistaken for somepony else.”
	
	The colt was just about to resume his search for the shop’s owner when he felt his weight leave his hooves.  His mind blanked as he felt pressure on his chest and realized he was being hugged.  Then he heard a voice.  “Aw, you look so sad.  Whatever it is, it’ll be alright, I just know it!”  He was set back on the ground and spun around to face the pink pony from earlier.  “Oh my gosh, I never introduced myself!”  She thrust her hoof towards him and he leaned away from it.  “Hi, I’m Pinkie Pie!”
	
	The colt stared at her.  She just smiled back.  His brain had ground to a halt trying to process this pink pony’s actions.  She didn’t look like any adult he had ever met, and if she wasn’t at least twice his height, he would have doubted that she even was an adult. 
	
	Pinkie hopped over to the parts bin and resumed her rummaging.  "So, I was gonna throw you a party when you got into town yesterday."  Her words were punctuated by flying mechanical components as she dug through the bin with reckless abandon.  "It was a little too late though, the party would have been too short, and everypony your age would have had to go to bed way too soon to be able to enjoy it properly.  Well," she added in a sheepish sing-song, "that and I had a slight mix-up  with the party cannon.  I used a little too much powder and damaged the gearing in the auto-loader, so I had to fix it.  Oh, that took forever!  I had most of the parts, but I still have to get a replacement for the main spring and retool the hammer strut.  I do the tooling myself.  Gummy helps, of course, but I usually end up doing most of the work."  She took a deep breath and plunged her head into the bin with a splash of metal pieces.  "As soon as I find the spring, it'll be done in a jiffy."  Her voice was slightly muffled by the mechanical pieces covering her head.  “What's your name anyway?"
	
	"Party?!  Tooling?!  Gummy?!  What?!"  He glanced at the parts strewn across the floor from the crazy adult's wild digging.  For a moment, he considered trying to grab what he needed and hightailing it out of there, but that plan was cut short by the sound of a bell.  Another pony entered the shop, a stallion with a brown coat and brown mane.  The newcomer glanced at the mess and let out a heavy sigh before walking over to the counter and taking a seat behind it.  "Great, the shop’s owner, just what I need.  At least now I can buy what I need and get away."
	
	"Ah, ha!"  Pinkie pulled her head from the bin.  Balanced on the end of her nose was a polished steel spring.  "This oughtta do it!"
	
	Feather sighed and started looking through the scattered parts on the floor.  "Maybe she'll leave now."  Suddenly, his vision was filled with pink and blue, Pinkie's upside-down face was right in front of his.  "GYAH!"  The colt stumbled backwards in attempt to put space between him and the crazy pink pony.
	
	She just smiled at him.  "So?  What's your name?  I need a name to put on the banner for the party."
	
	He sat there staring at her.  His breathing was heavy as he contemplated giving her his name.  "If I tell her, she might leave.  She doesn't seem like the sort of pony who would check a name with the authorities, but should I take that chance?" 
	
	“Soooooooo,” the pink pony blinked rapidly, “the name?”
	
	He stood there, back against the wall frozen in fear.  He knew the name, and he knew that by giving it out he was at a great risk.  “But it might make her leave...”
	
	"Pinkie!"  Both colt and mare turned their heads to face the the shopkeeper.  "Please stop scaring my customers."  He shook his head and turned to the colt.  "Sorry about that. She can be... unique at times.  Are you ok?"
	
	The colt nodded to the shopkeeper.  "You call that unique?  Are you from another planet?"  He looked back at Pinkie.  She was staring at him with an expectant smile.  "She's waiting for me to tell her my name, isn't she?"  He let out a sigh and cleared his throat.  "My name's-"  He paused for a moment as he realized something.  "She doesn't need my full name!  It's for a party decoration, so just my first name will work."  He smiled and held out his hoof.  "Hi, Pinkie.  My name's Feather."
	
	Pinkie grabbed the hoof and shook vigorously.  The colt's entire body shook from the motion.  "Feather!  I like it!  Oki, doki, let me go get that banner ready, and I'll see you soon."  She started hopping towards the door, pausing only once to yell at the shopkeeper.  "Hey, Doc?  If he needs anything, put it on my tab!"
	
	As the pink pony left the shop, Feather let out a sigh of relief, a sigh that was quickly replaced by a gasp of shock.  His saddlebag had fallen off, most likely from the constant shaking.  His missing wing was now completely visible.  He quickly pulled it over his back and looked over at the shopkeeper.  If he had seen anything, he didn't give any indication of it; he was too busy gathering a broom and dustpan.
	
	The shopkeeper chuckled as he started sweeping up the mess of parts.  “She’s an odd one, but she means well.  I hope you enjoy your party.”

	Feather scanned the floor around him, quickly finding several of the parts he needed and picking them up.  “I won’t be going.”
	
	        “Oh?”  The shopkeeper saw Feather struggling to hold several small pieces and offered him a little paper bag.  “What makes you say that?”
	
	“Did I say that out loud?”  Feather took the offered bag and put the gears and screws in it.  Then kept searching the floor.  “I mean, I don’t think I’ll be able to, she never told me where it is.”  He glanced back at the brown stallion to see if bought the explanation.

	“Ah, what delightful naiveté.”  The shopkeeper resumed his sweeping with an amused smirk.  “As I said, I hope you enjoy your party.”

	“Um, ok.”  Feather shook his head.  “Why do adults have to be so hard to understand sometimes?  At least he hasn’t asked me any questions.”  The colt inspected the contents of his paper shopping bag and decided to get some spare gears in case there was another incident.  He gathered them up before the stallion could get them to the dust pan.  He walked over to the counter and set the bag down on top of it.  Then he cleared his throat.  “Excuse me, sir?  I’m ready to pay now.”
	
	The shopkeeper walked around the counter and looked in the bag  “Didn’t you hear the girl?  She’s got you covered.”  He gave the bag a small shake.  “Is this all?  She gets a discount for being my biggest customer, you know.  Are you sure this is all you need?”
	
	Feather thought about it for a moment.  “I could use a new carrier shaft, but that’s not really the sort of part a child would buy.  But if I try to fix the one I have it might just keep bending.  It’s an expensive part, but it’s free! I don’t have to steal it!”  With a sigh he looked up at the shopkeeper.  “Do you have a ⅜ hex carrier shaft for a micro planetary gearing system?”
	
	The shopkeeper tilted his head.  “The sort used in magi-mechanical devices?”
	
	Feather nodded.  “But it has to be grade seven.”
	
	The stallion let out a low whistle.  “That’s a heavy duty part.  What are you up to with hardware like that?”
	
	“I blew it!  What do I say?!”  The colt kept his smile in place as he stared up at the shopkeeper and tried to come up with an excuse.  “It’s for something my dad made.”

	“All right, I’ll check, but don’t get your hopes up.”  The stallion got up and walked towards a curtained doorway near the back of the shop.  “Rose,” he called out, “can you make sure I got all the parts picked up?  Pinkie just paid us a visit.”
	
	“Sure thing doc.”  A cream-colored earth pony mare with a reddish mane walked out from behind the curtain.
	
	“First Pinkie, now you,” said the shopkeeper, shaking his head, “is my name really that hard to remember?”
	
	She gave him a smile as he headed off into the back of the shop.  “Sorry, Time Turner.”  She walked over to the counter and looked down at feather.  “Hi there, I’m Roseluck.  What’s your name?”
	
	The colt looked up at her.  “Feather.”
	
	“Feather?  Interesting name for an earth pony.”  She leaned over the counter to inspect him a little closer.  “I like your hat.  I haven’t seen you ‘round before, you new?”
	
	Feather groaned inside.  Unlike the shopkeeper, this pony was curious.  He could tell she was the type that would ask questions until something stopped her.  “Yeah, I’m new.  Pinkie’s throwing a welcome to town party later.”  He had to change the subject quickly, but to what?
	
	“That’s nice.”  Rose kicked her hooves around as she leaned against the counter.  “I remember the party she threw when Time Turner came to town.  I’ll say this, between the two of’ em there’s never a dull moment around here.”
	
	“Yeah, I can imagine.”  Feather looked around for something to talk about.  He had to take control of the conversation and ask her a question before she could ask another one.  He just had to find something to talk about.  He found it hanging on a chain around Roseluck’s neck.  “That’s a neat watch, is it silver?”
	
	Rose looked down at the pocketwatch around her neck.  “I’m not sure.”  She ran a hoof over it and nodded her head towards the back of the store.  “It belongs to him, but most of the time he forgets it even exists, so I hold on to it for him.”
	
	“Hold on to what?”  The shopkeeper walked out from the curtain carrying a small part in his mouth.
	
	“The watch,” said Rose.
	
	He walked over to the counter and set the part down.  He then looked at the watch around the mare’s neck.  “Huh, nice watch.”  He picked up the part again and held it out to Feather.  “This is the only one I have.  If you could use a grade five, I have a better selection.”
	
	Feather stared at the part.  It was a brand new carrier shaft, just like he needed, except for one thing.  “The teeth aren’t cut.”
	
	The shopkeeper sighed and set it on the counter.  “Like I said, it’s the only one I have.  Grade seven parts aren’t commonly needed around here, so most of the ones I carry have to be customized.”
	
	Feather weighed his options.  He could either try a grade five shaft or try to get this one customized.  “The old one was grade five, it might bend again, but customizing parts costs a lot.”  He looked up at the shopkeeper.  “How much would it cost to get the teeth cut?”
	
	The stallion shrugged and held up the part again.  “For standard gearing, two bits, but I can’t help you with this.  You see the color?”  He turned it around, when the light hit the part just right, there was a faint sheen of blue.  “Magically-aligned steel.  You either need a unicorn that’s trained in magi-mechanical dynamics, or highly specialized equipment that I just don’t have.”
	
	This made the decision even harder for Feather.  “Magically aligned steel would increase the efficiency of energy transfer from the battery, but where would I find somepony to customize the part?”  Suddenly, he looked up and had to fight back the urge to face-hoof.  “Of course, I just ask.”  He cleared his throat.  “Do you know if anypony in town has the equipment or training?”
	
	The shopkeeper pointed to the front door.  “She just left.”
	
	Feather turned towards the door with groan. “Pinkie?  The one pony I most want to avoid right now is the one that I can’t?”
	
	“Oh, you know,” Rose piped up, “there’s also the local librarian.  She’s a unicorn named Twilight Sparkle, I’m sure she could help too.”
	
	Feather looked back at her.  “The librarian?”
	
	“Yeah,” she said, “bright girl, cutie mark for magic and everything.  I bet she could have that part done up in a snap.”
	
	“I have twelve bits, I hope that’ll be enough to get the part made.”  Feather thought about it a little longer, even if the librarian didn’t make the part, he could always ask that crazy pink pony.  “Ok,” he looked up at the the shopkeeper, “I’ll take it.”  

        Feather left the store happier than he had been in a long while.  He would be able to fix his device, and with the new carrier shaft, he wouldn’t have to worry about it breaking again.  At least, not in the same way.  There was always the chance that something else could go wrong.  “I’ll have to be extra careful in this town, that parts store alone is worth staying for a while.  I have to be on my best behavior, no stealing, no getting caught in a lie, and definitely staying out of sight on school days.”

        He looked around the town for something to do next and started to weigh his options. “I could check out the library for a while, but I would look quite out of place. A colt wanting to read on a Saturday, by himself?  But the only pony there would be the librarian, and she could make the part I need.” He shook his head and tried to think of something else to try, his eyes landed on the odd bakery. “They might have free samples, but....” His thoughts turned to that pink pony who promised him a party. He wasn’t sure where it was being held, and that was a big problem. He suddenly realized that he could find his party in any building and a bakery seems like a logical spot for one. “This could be bad.  But maybe she’s still setting up, and none of the guests have arrived.  Maybe I could convince her to call it off?  I could also see if she’ll make the part, but she might want to know what it’s for.” 

        He stared at the door to Sugarcube Corner, something about the entire place seemed off from when he saw it in the night. The place seemed vacant yet somehow to him it still felt quite occupied. “The party has got to be in there, so if I just steer clear, I’ll be good. Right?” He wanted to leave but the potential for free treats was overwhelming most of his common sense. “Maybe it’s not in there? It couldn’t hurt to try and peek inside...” He was just about to peek into the window but he stopped himself and shook his head. “No, it’s too obvious, it is exactly what she as an adult is expecting.” He turned around and headed in the direction of the library, figuring that there was no way in Tartarus that a party would ever be held at such a quiet place.  “Who knows, maybe they’ll even have one of those little candy dishes at the checkout desk.”

        He slowly found his way to the building filled with books, his confidence that he had given the pink pony the slip overshadowing his cautious behavior. “Even if the librarian won’t make the part, I can get some research done there, and maybe some reading on flying. Well, the flying book might seem suspicious...” He shook his head and slowly found the front door, he took a quick glance at the sign to make sure it was the right building and then slowly opened the door. He didn't bat an eye at the darkness in the room or the light that he brought with opening the door. He slowly walked in and gently shut the door.

        “Hello?” After the words were said, he heard the sound of dozens of living creatures inhaling in oxygen all at once.  “No. She didn’t.”  Time seemed to slow down, he heard every single living being hidden in the shadows taking in as much as oxygen as possible. “How can I have been so dumb? This is a nightmare!”

“SURPRISE!” The sound of dozens of pony voices yelling out the same word came crashing down on his ears all at once. 

	He just stood there, dumbstruck and unable to respond. How could he?  “Impossible, I was so careful. I let down my guard for one minute and...” The lights turned on at the same moment he heard surprise. His eyes scanned the crowd. The first pony he saw was Pinkie, her smile was infectious to everypony but Steel. Darting from left to right he saw ponies of all types, ages and colors. “Did she invite the whole dang town?!” He felt embarrassed, shocked, scared and just a bit angry all at the same time, but still he said nothing. Taking this as her cue, Pinkie spoke up.

        “Oh my gosh were you surprised, well were ya? At first I thought I’d hold the party at Sugarcube Corner, but then I realized, that was toooo obvious. So I moved it to here and had the banner finished just in time. So were you surprised?!”

        “Yes.”  He let out a sigh.  “I really shouldn’t have been.  The only two ponies who know how to make magi-mechanical parts, of course they would know each other.”  He looked up at the banner, it said: Welcome to Ponyville, Feather.  “How did she manage to make that so quickly?”

	In a whirl of motion, Pinkie had grabbed one of his hoofs and plunged him forward into the party, before he knew what was going on, he was standing in front of a lavender colored unicorn who was smirking at Pinkie. He took a fast motion glance back at the party and noticed that everypony had started the party in earnest, eating, drinking, and playing games. “Thats it? This is just an everyday thing? How many parties does she throw?!” 
	
	His thoughts were broken apart by Pinkie’s voice. “Okay, so this is Twilight Sparkle. She’s the town librarian and one of my very best friends!” He blinked. “She’s the one who can make the part?  I have to make a good impression.”  He gave his best smile which she returned. Hesitantly he brought up his right hoof to shake hers.
	
	“Hi there Feather, welcome to Ponyville. I trust you like it so far?” All he could think of was to nod. “Snap out of it! You’re acting like a child! Well, wait....I am one and that means they expect me to act like one...” He turned around and noticed the pink pony was now gone, leaving him with his thoughts and Twilight. “She’s not leaving. What do I do?!  I can’t just ask her about the part in the middle of a party.” Ponies had started the party moving around them, but Twilight and Steel stood in a single group. 
	
	She took note of his silence and tried to coax him out of it.  “So, where are you from?” She had a cheerful voice. He scratched the back of his head. “Why does everypony have to ask so many questions?  I can’t be rude to her, but what do I do if she asks something I can’t answer?”
	
	“I’m from Manehatten,” he replied, his mouth suddenly feeling quite dry. He was genuinely trying to sound as perky as her, but it wasn’t working.
	
	“Oh, the big city?”  Twillight nodded.  “That must be fun, I’m from Canterlot myself, did you and your parents move here?”
	
	“There it is, the first question about my parents.  How many of these am I going to have to answer tonight?” His breathing increased just slightly but not enough for her to notice. “My father’s here on business. But he’s kind of busy right now, and couldn’t make it.”  He watched the librarian for any signs of suspicion.“Good, she is still smiling. That one works every time!”

	“Huh?” He heard the voice of a young filly. He didn’t notice the group of them behind him, but one of them had noticed him.  It was the orange filly from the day before.  She slipped away from her group and watched Feather as he talked to Twilight, listening intently to what he was saying.
	
	Twilight used her magic to grab a bottle of some sort of drink from a nearby table.  “So, Feather, has your dad enrolled you in school yet?”  She inspected the label carefully before taking a sip.
	
	Feather’s shoulders and head drooped slightly.  Twilight didn’t notice, but Scootaloo did.  She also noticed that he was forcing his smile.  “Yeah, he mailed in the paperwork yesterday.”
	
	“Oh, good.”  Twilight let her drink hover for a moment and waved to somepony in the crowd.  “I want you to meet somepony, then.”  A pink and purple earth pony made her way over to them.  She walked up and stood next to Twilight, waiting to be introduced.  “Feather, this is Cheerilee.  Starting Monday, she’ll be your new teacher.”
	
	Feather’s eye twitched.  “Crud.”  He held out a hoof.  “Nice to meet you, Ms. Cheerilee.”
	
	She took the hoof and gave it a little shake.  “Nice to meet you too, Feather.  How do you like Ponyville so far?”
	
	“Until now, I liked it fine. But now I have to leave before Monday,”  He kept his fake smile in place.  “I haven’t really seen much of it, but it seems nice.”
	
	“That’s good,” Cheerilee said with a smile, “I just know you’ll love it here.  Would you like to meet some of your classmates?”  Before he could open his mouth to say no, Cheerilee was pushing him through the party towards two fillies about his age.  His eyes widened in horror as he recognized one of them.  “This is Diamond Tiara and Silver Spoon, they’ll be in the same class as you.  Say hello.”
	
	“H-hello?”  Feather gulped loudly.  The filly introduced as Diamond Tiara was the filly whose house he robbed to feed himself.  “How many kids are in this town, and she has to introduce me to her?!  Typical!”  He started backing away.  “You know what?  I’m feeling a little thirsty, I’m going to go get something to drink.  Be right back.”  He bumped into somepony and spun around to see who it was.  He was greeted by a face full of orange and purple.  “It’s you!  Uh, I mean,” he glanced back at the three ponies he was backing away from, “it’s nice to meet you, I bet you’re gonna be in my class too.  Well, bye!”  He turned and headed  towards a table loaded with bottles.  He didn’t notice that there were now four ponies following him.
	
	He found an unopened bottle near the edge of the table, a green bottle with an apple on it.  “That looks like what Twilight was drinking, I wonder if it’s any good?”  He started to reach for it, but then he noticed the x’s on the label.  “Oh, of course.  What I wouldn’t give to be older right now.“  As smoothly as he could, he reached past the bottle for one of several juice boxes farther in from the edge.  He couldn’t reach them.  “Ok, the hard stuff’s easy to get to, but they make you work for the juice?  This place is messed up.”  With a groan, he jumped up on his hind legs, resting his front hooves on the edge of the table.  He was just about to reach for a juice box when he realized his mistake.  He felt his saddlebag start to slip.
	
	He tried to catch it, but he was too slow, the bag hit the floor and one of the pockets ripped open.  Broken gears and mechanical parts spilled out across the floor.  Worse than that, when he looked up, he found himself face to face with five shocked ponies.  He locked in place as they stared at him, his bottom lip shook as he tried to say something, anything.  “S-s- st-”
	
	“Oh, my.”  Cheerilee was the first to recover.  She stepped towards the frozen Feather, picking his saddlebag up from the ground and placing it back on his back.  “Are you okay, Feather?”
	
	Unfortunately, Scootaloo was the next pony to speak.  “What happened to your wing?!”  She stared at his right side with wide eyes, focused on the spot where there should have been a wing. There was nothing but blue fur.
	
	Twilight quickly stepped in front of the orange filly.  “I’m sorry, Feather, she didn’t mean to-”
	
	“Stop it.”  He stared at the floor.  “Just stop it.”  He looked up at the ponies staring at him.  “Stop staring at me like that!  I’m not a cripple!”  Everypony stepped back.  He looked back at the floor, at the broken pieces around him.  “So, I’m missing a wing.”  A single tear fell to the floor near his hooves.  He lifted his head and stomped his hoof down on a small gear, damaging it more than it already was.  “Stop treating me like a broken part!  I don’t want your pity!”
	
	He stared at them a moment longer.  Looking at them, he realized that he just lost all hope of going unnoticed in this town.  The sounds of the party kept anypony else from hearing, but that didn’t really matter anymore.  He walked away as quickly as he could and started looking for the door.
	
	Twilight gave an exasperated sigh and turned to glare at the orange pegasus filly.  “Scootaloo!  Why would you do that?”  She shook her head.  “Stay here and help Cheerilee pick this up.”  Scootaloo opened her mouth to reply, but Twilight stopped her.  “The next words out of your mouth had better be, ‘yes, ma’am.’  That was an extremely rude and hurtful thing you did to Feather.”
	
	Scootaloo lowered her head.  “Yes, ma’am.”
	
	“Good.”  Twilight’s horn lit up and an old pair of saddlebags drifted through the air towards Cheerilee.  “Stick it all in there, I’m going to go see if I can find Feather.”
	
	The teacher took hold of the bag as Twilight walked off in search of Feather.  She and Scootaloo started picking up the little gears and metal pieces.  After a few seconds, she felt something poke at her side.
	
	She looked over to see Diamond Tiara looking up at her.  “Ms. Cheerilee, we’ll help.”
	
	Silver Spoon did a double take and stared at her friend.  “We will?”  She looked back at Cheerilee with a nervous chuckle.  “I mean, of course we will.”
	
	“Why, thank you girls.”  Cheerilee turned back to the task of gathering up the parts.  “That will make this much easier.”  She didn’t notice Diamond Tiara pick up a piece of paper from among the scattered pieces, fold it up, and stuff it behind her tiara.
	
	Twilight waded through the sea of party guests, keeping an eye out for any sign of a blue colt.  “Feather?  Feather, are you there?”  She didn’t find any sign of him, but she soon found plenty of pink near the snack table.  “Pinkamena Diane Pie, what were you thinking?!”  The party pony turned around as Twilight approached.  “Or were you even thinking at all?  Did you know about Feather’s wing?”
        
	She swallowed the mouthful of treats she was chewing.  “What about it?  It’s a perfectly normal wing, a little big, but still normal.  Or do you mean the missing one?”
	
        Twilight blinked.  “You knew?!”

        Pinkie shrugged.  “He seemed kind of sad earlier, so I gave him a hug.  It’s kind of hard not to notice something like that.”

        “What?”  Twilight shook her head.  “W-why didn’t you tell anypony?”

        “Why would I?”  Pinkie grabbed some more snacks off the table and proceeded to crunch into them noisily.  “It’s not that big of a deal.  He’s a bit different, so what?”

        Twilight sighed and sat down.  “I know, but, Pinkie, fillies and colts don’t always see it like that.  Not to mention that it took everypony completely by surprise.  Somepony said something to him, and it upset him.”
	
	“Why would anypony do a mean thing like that?” Pinkie tilted her head to the side in innocent curiosity.
	
	Twilight sighed.  “It was Scootaloo, and she didn’t mean to, she just spoke without thinking.  I mean, look at it from her perspective, she’s a pegasus, her wings are everything to her, and she just saw somepony who was missing one.  She probably felt bad for him, but she might have also been afraid that it could happen to her too.”
	
	Pinkie reached for another hoof full of snacks, but thought better of it and sat down instead.  She put a hoof on Twilight’s shoulder.  “Twilight, you’re taking this personally, why?”
	
	Twilight shook her head in surprise.  “Pinkie, sometimes, you are so random that I forget you are a pony like the rest of us.  But, you’re right, I am taking this personally.”  Twilight lifted a hoof and looked at it.  “Pinkie, have you ever heard of Navicular Syndrome?”
	
	Pinkie chewed her lip for a moment.  “It’s that thing where your toe hurts and you have to wear special horseshoes, right?”
	
	“It’s a lot worse than that Pinkie.”  Twilight held up both hooves and tapped them together at the toe.  “Every step feels like the hoof is cracked, and sometimes it hurts to walk at all.”
	
	Realization dawned on the pink pony.  “So, you-”
	
	“Yeah,” Twilight put her hooves down, “I was that pony in the funny horseshoes.  I don’t have any problems with it anymore, but when I was younger, sometimes, I just couldn’t walk and had to sit where I was until somepony came and got me.  The other foals just thought I was just temperamental. Hey didn’t understand that I was, for the most part, lame.”
	
	Pinkie pulled the unicorn into a hug.  “That’s why you’re always sitting down in your old pictures.  That’s so sad, I’m glad you’re all better.”
	
	Twilight returned the hug.  “Thanks, Pinkie, but I-  Wait, what old pictures?”
	
	“The ones in that big, old photo album under your bed.”  
	
	Twilight pulled back from the hug.  “The one in a box labeled, ‘do not touch?’”
	
	Pinkie nodded happily.  “That’s the one!”
	
	Twilight sighed and walked off in search of Feather.  “Why am I surprised?  I really shouldn’t be, but I am.”
	
	Pinkie hopped off in the other direction, towards the drink table.
	
	Neither of them saw Feather crawl out from under the snack table.  He rubbed at his face to wipe the tears from his eyes and looked back at the saddle bag he wore.  “It does cause problems, doesn’t it?”  He adjusted it so it no longer hid his wing and started walking towards the drink table.  “I’ll get the parts I dropped , then come back for some food.”
	
	When he approached the drink table, he saw that there were no longer any scattered parts.  He also saw that everypony but Twilght was still there, with the addition of Pinkie Pie.  He sighed. “There’s no avoiding this, is there?”  He walked up to them.  “Um, where is everything?”
	
	Cheerilee jumped at the sound of his voice.  “Feather!  Are you ok?  Twilight went to look for you.”
	
	He nodded.  “I’m fine, could you tell her she doesn’t have to search for me?  I’m ok.”
	
	Pinkie hopped forward and saluted.  “Oki, doki, loki, just leave it to me!”  She disappeared in a pink blur.
	
	Feather’s nose twitched as he watched her leave, but Cheerilee ignored it completely.  She took a step towards him and softened her voice. “You ran off so suddenly, we were worried that-”
	
	“Don’t, I’m fine.”  He looked at the old saddlebag on the floor.  “Is that my stuff?”
	
	Cheerilee glanced back.  “Yes, but-”
	
	Feather rushed over to the bag and hoisted it onto his back atop his other bag.  “All right, I’m gonna go get some food, anypony want anything?”
	
	Cheerilee walked over to feather and put a hoof on his shoulder.  “Are you sure you’re ok?  You were quite upset earlier.”
	
	He shrugged.  “I’m a kid, kids bounce back.  We’re tough like that.”  His stomach let out a loud growl.  “Heh, heh, well, food, got to go!”  He turned and started for the snack table.  “That was good timing.”  He glanced back to see if anypony was following him.  He saw two fillies, one pink, one orange, both watching him with narrowed eyes.  As he watched, they glanced over at each other and exchanged mean looks before storming off in opposite directions.
        
        Feather froze in place.  “That can’t have been good.”  Feather made a mental note to avoid those two fillies as he resumed his course towards the food.  “It’s too bad she didn’t  throw the party yesterday, I wouldn’t have had to steal any food.  Well no sense crying about it now, and I’m not about to let this go to waste.” When he reached the table, his heart skipped a beat. Food, there was too much food.  He thought there could never be enough food, but this proved him wrong. He wanted to cry, he wanted to scream in joy, but most important of all he wanted to take all of the desserts and drinks he could carry and keep them for later.  And that is what made him cry on the inside. “Keeping all the food I can carry for later is too obvious.  Even though it wouldn’t make a dent in the amount of food here, everypony would still wonder what I needed it for.  This is a nightmare!” He cursed in his head, for he knew that he could only keep some of the food and the rest was to go to waste.
	
	Out of the corner of his eye he caught site of Pinkie Pie gorging herself on an endless supply of cake, this eased his mind as to what he was about to try. “Well, if she can do it, so can I!” He grabbed a plate of cake, some juiceboxes and a few other snacks and sat down in a corner, it all tasted too good. He wanted more, he wanted to live with that pony so he could use her just for the food alone. For a moment, he felt that all of his pain and sorrow was being drowned out, for that one moment he found that he wasn’t worried about being surrounded by other ponies. That moment had to stop, he had to come to his senses, he had to snap out of it. “No, no matter how much they try and help, they are still adults. I’m still in trouble here and I still need a way out!” 
	
	He let out a sigh and reached for one of the juiceboxes he had set down next to him.  He felt something fluffy instead.  He looked down to see that it was somepony’s tail, a pink, puffy one that could only belong to one pony.  “Great, when did she get here?”  He looked up at the pony sitting beside him.  “Hi, Pinkie.”
	
	“Hi, Feather.”  She held a bowl in her hooves and she held it out to the colt.  “Have you tried these yet?”
	
	He looked down at the thin, red and white wafers in the bowl.  In the middle of the bowl sat a smaller bowl filled with some sort of yellow-orange goop. “What is it?”
	
	“Chips and dip!”  She took a chip, used it to scoop up some goo, and stuffed it in her mouth.  “It’s good,” she said between chews, “try it.”
	
	“If you say so.”  Hesitantly, Feather picked up a chip and dipped it.
	
	“Hey, Feather,” Pinkie’s voice didn’t hold the same cheer it did earlier, “I’m sorry about what happened, I honestly didn’t expect it to be that big of a deal.  I’m sorry if it ruined the party for you.”
	
	“By it, you mean my wing, don’t you?”  He let out a low sigh and and bit down on the chip he held.  “MMH!”  He chewed it quickly, savoring the contrasting crunch and cheesy gooeyness.  “Don’t worry about it, the food’s too good for anything to ruin this party.”  He reached for another chip.  “Now, if only I could find a way to save some of this for later.”
	
	“Feather, I have something else to ask.”  Pinkie glanced around, avoiding eye contact.  “I talked to Twilight, and she said you moved to town with your dad.  Did he come into town with you?  Or has he lived in Ponyville before?”
	
	Feather chewed another chip as a sense of dread loomed over him.  “Those are very specific questions.  Does she know something?”  He tried his best to act casually.  “Why do you ask?”
	
	“Oh, no reason.”  She looked at the nearby snack table.  “Would you like to take some of the food with you?  I’m pretty sure I made more than everypony can eat.”
	
	Feather’s eyes lit up.  “Yes!  I mean, my dad will love it.  Too bad he missed out on this.”  He looked at the table.  “Now I can take as much as I can carry.  But I have to make sure I get stuff that keeps well.  And I can only take as much as I can easily move and store.”   He looked at the chip bowl again and took a chip.  He ate it without dipping it.  “Ok, I’ve got to be sure to get plenty of these.”
	
	Pinkie smiled and set the bowl of chips down in front of him.  Then she hopped away.  She returned a few moments later with a foil bag in her mouth.  She moved it to her hooves and held it up to show him.  “Look what I found!  You really seem to like those, so I checked, and found this.  Now you get to bring home a whole bag of chips!”
	
	Feather stared at the foil pouch she held.  “They come in a bag?”  It was big, way too much for him to eat in a single sitting.  “Maybe this party wasn’t such a bad idea.  By the time it’s over, I’ll have enough food to see me through the next few days.  Now if I could just find a way to get around having to go to school, I won’t have to leave town so quickly.”  He was so absorbed in his planning that he didn’t notice Pinkie hop around to his side.  As soon as he felt a tug on his saddlebag, he jumped.  “No!”  He spun to face Pinkie, who was still holding the bag of chips.
	
	She looked like she had been struck.  “I- I just wanted to -”
	
	“She was just trying to put the chips away.”  Feather gulped loudly.  “N-no, um, no need to do that?  I can take care of it.”  He reached out and took the bag of chips.  “Thank you.”  He tried to give a reassuring smile, but it came out as more of a wince.  “I’m gonna go try the rest of the food you made.  Bye.”  He headed off for more snacks, but mostly away from any adults.  “The grown-ups here are CRAZY!  They don’t act like they’re supposed to!  As soon as I get my fill of the snack table, I’m out of here.”

	He sat down in front of the snack table and started grabbing each and every treat that caught his eye.  He tried a little of everything, and when he found something that was dry enough to not go bad quickly, he stuffed a bit of it in his saddlebags.  After a while, he saw Diamond Tiara walk past the snack table with a brown stallion in a tie.  “Must be her father.  Bags of bits for a cutie mark?  Definitely her father.”  A short while later, a yellow filly with a red bow and hair walked by with an orange mare with yellow hair.  The mare had red ribbons in her mane and tail.  “Must be her mother, they’re dressed alike.”  Another filly and mare followed them.  These two both had white bodies and purplish manes.  “Another happy kid with her mother, do they all have to walk right by-  Oh shoot!”   He looked at the ponies walking by, they were all headed in the same direction, straight for the door.  Each group contained at least one filly, and there were even two colts that he hadn’t noticed before.  “All the kids are headed home!  They’re going to be suspicious if I stay!”  He grabbed a nearby plate of cookies and dumped them in his saddlebag before heading for the door.

	He didn’t notice Twilight watching him.  Another pony walked up to her.  “Twilight?”  She looked over to see Cheerilee with a look look of concern on her face.  “Is something wrong.”
	
	Twilight sighed and looked back towards the door.  “Yes?  No?  Maybe?  I’m not really sure.  Did you notice that Feather barely talked to anyone? I mean the whole reason Pinkie throws these things is to allow the new pony in town to make friends.”

        “I’m sure he was just nervous, I’m sure he’ll make friends in time.”  Cheerilee let out a sigh of her own.  “The incident with the wing didn’t exactly help, but these things happen sometimes.  I wouldn’t worry about it too much.”  Cheerilee walked over to the snack table.

        Twilight followed her.  “I hope you’re right.”

        “So do I.”  The teacher looked around the table.  “Wasn’t there a plate of cookies here a moment ago?”

        The unicorn cast one last glance towards the door.  “Yes, there was.”



        Feather Steel had made it back to the clubhouse in record time. He gave a huge sigh of relief while he noticed the moon was just now coming up. “Everypony should be in bed soon, time to fix my device.” He was about to take out his belongings when he heard a faint sound outside. Curiosity got the better of him and he slowly made his way to the window. “Sounds like wheels traveling on gravel or something?” He shook his head when he noticed that no one was around and turned around to grab his saddlebag. Just before he could take hold of it, the door swung open with a loud creak.  “Shoot!”   He slowly turned his head  to see who it was that caught him in the act of trespassing.  If he was lucky, it would be somebody he could talk out of calling the authorities.  There, standing in the doorway, staring at him, was an orange filly with a purple mane.  “Scootaloo?!”
