/*

Ryan should add brushes.
add .brush files that hold brushes.
allow the user to save the map as a brush.
so the user can place tiles around the spawn block and the tiles will be recorded relative to that spawn.
for example:
	Spawn = '§'
	Tile  = 'T'
	
	if the user has this on the map:
	
	TTT
	T§T
	TTT
	
	then the user has a brush that is a ring around it.
	
the user could have custom brushes, and also some default brushes.
the default would be a single tile/item.

then there would be the circle and square option.
maybe we could adjust the sizes of these brushes with the scroll wheel.


§

I need to COMPLETELY REVAMP the player game saving system.
the way it exists now, it might as well not even exist.
It needs to save the player's location,
it needs to save the player's maps (because the player has the ability to change and interact with the maps)
it needs to save all of the player's items
it needs to save all the player's stats.

§

make it so that you can quickly test (walk around with a the character) on your map

§

add a health bar (not very crucial at the moment)

§
add items

add an inventory (for mapmaker first and then for the gameplay)

§
embed a script language into the game.
make it something that you can write on the computer.
maybe I could incorporate a text editor from which you could write computer files.

§
crafing - specific recipies that have to made with certain ingreedients. (make a computer recipie)
static. recipies are constant.
the engineering part \/ is the dynamic counterpart.

§
add an engineering system by which you can combine items to add together their attributes and get one superior item in return.
call it the engineering system. You engineer new materials out of current items.
allow the user to rename the item and choose/make a texture for it.
the player would be able to choose any texture in the game for their new item, or load a texture from a /item_textures/ directory.
there should also be a picture making system in the game so that the player can draw his own textures in-game.
custom items should be stored in memory starting at (0x80, 0x80).
The x and y values can only increase from there.
Therefore, the custom item part of the item_set should talk up exactly 1/4 of the item_set (assuming it goes from 0x00,0x00 to 0xFF,0xFF)

§
add a reverse engineering feature to take apart the engineered item.
maybe?
maybe not?
do you get everything back?

§
Add internet capability.
Make players report to my computer (server)
This would hopefully develop into multiplayer functionality
we might do this via a lua library or SDL_net if we are really suicidal.

§
add options for the map maker:
- brushes of different sizes
- ability to make filled and unfilled rectangles.
- abillity to make circles (both filled and unfilled.)
- for shapes that are unfilled, you should be able to speify their line thickness.

§
make the game so that it doesn't render text every single time. only render text when you need to.
optimize this so that your loops are only generating text when the text changes.

§
add the ability to pick up items and put those items in the player's inventory_background


§
monster spawning:
"Idea alert! Have difrent rates based on the tiles!
Like a one tile has a 90 % chance of getting attacked while the other has a 20% chance!"
- kastor246 from minecraft forums.

try making a point where the closer you get to it, the more likely a certain monster will spawn.

§

add a time-based movement system.
use SDL_GetTicks() or something like that to know how long has passed since the last itteration of the game_play cycle.

§


*/



