
Add a bowl and pestle to gridventure.
you can grid up wheat and make flour.
flour can be made into bread, noodles, or other common food items.

Add silverware to the game.
when you equip silverware, you can eat food better.
maybe having silverware allows you to utilize the food better (it heals you more / satisfies hunger more)
and you can equip the silverware as a weapon and stab people with spoons.

 
Armor Spots:
	right boot
	left boot
	right legging
	left legging
	chestplate
	right arm
	left arm
	right hand
	left hand
	head
	amulet/necklace area
	earings
	hand rings (right and left)



Make combination rules for weapons.
when weapons and pieces of armor are used in tandom, maybe they have bonus effects to your stats.
Or, alternatively, have the leveling system give you points to spend on getting better at using specific classes of weapons.

have "superquests".
basically just groups of quests.
It is a label that sorts quests into major story arcs.
e.g. all of the demigod quests would fit into some "Demigod" superquest.

Allow there to be requirements for quests (must have forged the sword before you begin the dragon slayer quest)
allow there to be NEGATIVE requirements (must NOT have killed Dennis in order to go on the "Help Dennis repair his Refrigerator" quest.
Allow quests to require you to have attained a certain item in order to finish them.
e.g. there could be a "Harvest Wheat" quest where you have to attain some wheat in your inventory in order to complete the quest.


A simple first quest might be, "gather some logs".
When that is complete, a new quest is available to start: "make a picaxe".
The first few quests would guide the player along and teach him/her how to play the game.
just to warm the player up
soon, the quests start getting more complex


add chicken noodle soup to the game. make noodles with wheat flour and water.
add chickens to the game.
add 


I'm thinking that the user has to "learn" recipes
Or acquire recipes
You find them in dungeons or chests or something
maybe they are rewards for finishing quests
i like that idea. but there should probly be a few basic ones at the beginning


After you help the Demigods with their weather control, they are very grateful.
They thank and respect you.
They tell you to go out and live your life. "See the world," they say.


I really do like the rock thing
but if the character is made of rock, it has no need to eat
so I'm thinking, maybe the gods created a hard rocky shell for the player
but the insides are still organic
and so he is still a living, breathing creature


If there was an apocalypse in 2057, are there any humans left?
It seems like if there were any humans left at all, they would rebuild civilization.
So my gut reaction is to say that there are no humans left at all.



what if the character is wandering the world
and finds an odd cave
it sees a pedestal at the back
he approaches the pedestal
and when he comes in contact, he hears the voice of the demigod
(I was thinking the demigods would be beings without physical form)
so you would approach the pedestal and then you can talk to the demigod